c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\WebApiServer.dll.config
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\WebApiServer.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\WebApiServer.pdb
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\obj\Debug\WebApiServer.dll
c:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\obj\Debug\WebApiServer.pdb
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\WebApiServer\obj\Debug\WebApiServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
