c:\users\kolya\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe.config
c:\users\kolya\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kolya\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kolya\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\obj\Debug\Client_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kolya\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\obj\Debug\Client_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\kolya\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kolya\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\obj\Debug\Client.g.resources
c:\users\kolya\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\obj\Debug\Client.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kolya\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kolya\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\users\kolya\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe
c:\users\kolya\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\bin\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\users\kolya\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\obj\Debug\Client.exe
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\kolya\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Client\Client\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
